# Banking Deserts

In this activity, your task is to understand if there is a relationship between poverty, age, population, and the number of banks in a given area. To help, we’ve provided you with Census data for every U.S. zip code. You will also visualize this data using GeoViews.

## Instructions

1. Retrieve data from the U.S. Census using the Census Python library and the preconfigured labels.

2. Load the [zip_bank_data.csv](Resources/zip_bank_data.csv) file into a DataFrame. Next, use Pandas to merge this data set with the Census data that you retrieved along the zip code.

3. Use GeoViews to create a poverty rate map.

    * Use the "Poverty Rate" column to set the point's size. Recall using the `scale` parameter to modify the size appearance.

    * Use the "Zipcode" column to set the point's color.

    * Read the HoloViews documentation and learn how you can use the `hover_cols` parameter to add additional information to the tooltip of a point. Add the "Address" and the "Bank Count" columns.

4. Compute and print the summary statistics for "Poverty Rate", "Bank Count", and "Population".

5. Create a scatter plot with linear regression for **bank count** vs. **poverty rate**.

    * Be sure `NaN` values are dropped from the DataFrame.

    * Plot the data points.

    * Plot the linear regression line.

    * Print the R<sup>2</sup> value.

6. Analysis. Write a sentence describing your findings. Were they what you expected? What other factors could be at play?

## Hint

* The Census API uses code B17001_002E for poverty rates.

* Test your code with only 5 to 10 cities at a time, debugging your code as you go.

* Be sure to handle the size of the map.

## References

Data Source: Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

---

© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
